[Music]
hey this is pretty cool
seven places on earth that science has
yet to explain exploring outer space is
awesome but what if there are places
right here on earth that are just as
incredible and jaw-dropping luckily for
you you live on planet Earth a place
that holds secrets so wild and baffling
that even scientists can't always
explain them prepare to be amazed as you
learn about seven of the world's most
unbelievable mysteries and phenomena
don't forget to click the subscribe
button and turn on notifications to join
us on the bright side of life counting
down from number seven the devil's
kettle waterfall at first glance this
pretty waterfall located in Minnesota in
the u.s. looks like your average
waterfall what's interesting about this
waterfall is that it has two different
bodies of falling water one side has
water falling into another body of water
Lake Superior the other one has water
that falls straight into a huge natural
hole in the ground where does this water
lead well that's the mysterious part no
one seems to know people visiting the
waterfall have dropped sticks and other
objects down the disappearing waterfall
but they never see their items reappear
downstream in the past scientists put
the water to the test by releasing dye
into the waterfall
they've even drop large amounts of
ping-pong balls down there but they've
never found a trace of the dye in any
bodies of water in the area so where is
this water going well most of you will
agree that this water has to go
somewhere
perhaps it's going into the ground but
wouldn't it have to come out somewhere
scientists are still working on figuring
this one out number six
Stonehenge if you were to travel eight
miles or so north of Salisbury in
England to a place called Salisbury
Plain you'd see tourists staring in awe
at the great stonehenge this prehistoric
stone formation has been sitting in this
spot for thousands of years according to
the Encyclopedia Britannica
Stonehenge was constructed in six stages
between the years
3015 20 BCE but what's so interesting
about a bunch of giant rocks a lot
actually well today we have machines
that can help us lift heavy materials to
build giant buildings and monuments back
in the days when Stonehenge was built no
one had access to this type of
technology so how on earth could anyone
have lifted stones weighing anywhere
from four to thirty seven tons even more
than that why were they doing this
archeologists have come up with plenty
of theories to explain this phenomenon
some guessed that the men who built
Stonehenge used a system of sledges
rollers and boats others hypothesized
that it was built with a weighted levy
system well many of these guesses seem
to make sense to a certain extent to
this day no one has a definitive answer
and there may never be one number five
the hostel in lights if you saw dancing
lights in the sky what would you think
they were aliens coming to Earth
shooting stars
well the residents of Hestia land valley
norway have to live with this burning
question every single night it has to
Lin Valley brightly colored lights
appear in the sky in different colors
and shapes for the last four decades and
possibly longer this phenomenon has
continued to puzzle scientists according
to some theories these lights could be
caused by a nearby radioactive lake
emitting particles that light up in the
air as they evaporate other scientists
think that the base of the valley
contains a lot of sulfuric acid when it
comes into contact with the water it
causes sparks to appear in the sky even
though there are many different guesses
as to why this town gets their very own
light show every night scientists still
haven't come up with a definitive answer
for now they'll just have to sit back
and enjoy the free show
number four the boiling River in the
Amazon
sometimes lounging around in the jacuzzi
can be incredibly relaxing but this hot
body of water takes things to a whole
new level deep in the Amazon forests
lies a floating river in the forested
region of my auntie aku that boasts
temperatures so hot that any person or
animal that falls into it literally
boils alive from the inside out
that's right this river runs at an
unbelievable 196 degrees Fahrenheit
dang that's hot locals used the water to
brew tea and sometimes they cook with it
well this river's high temperature is
incredibly intriguing
what makes this natural phenomenon a
mystery is the fact that no one can
figure out what makes the water so hot
according to geophysicist Andres Rizzo
boiling waters are typically attached to
an active volcano or magmatic system
like the boiling River Trail in
Yellowstone National Park in the US but
in the town of my auntie aku there are
no active volcanoes within 400 miles
so what's heating it up so drastically
over the centuries residents of this
town believed that the river had magical
healing powers and used it spiritually
and medicinally Rousso guesses that hot
geothermal waters pour in from cracks in
the earth heating the temperature of the
river but this has yet to be
scientifically proven meanwhile if
someone hunting animals illegally
accidentally falls into the river and
boils alive well then we'll have a
poached poacher sorry I couldn't help
myself
number three movile cave can you believe
that there's a place on earth with its
own ecosystem and atmosphere similar to
another planet well start believing
movile cave located in southeastern
romania remain closed in complete
darkness
for a whopping 5.5 million years it
wasn't until workers discovered the cave
when they were looking for a place to
build that
anyone learned about it scientists
carved out an opening to the cave and
found that a completely sustained
ecosystem was thriving inside as a
pathway was carved through the rock past
numerous tunnels scientists found a lake
of sulfuric water that stank like rotten
eggs the air was filled with hydrogen
sulfide and had 100 times more carbon
dioxide than Earth's air contains
needless to say this air is completely
toxic what's even crazier is that a
whole ecosystem has been existing in
this cave with 33 species that can't be
found anywhere else on earth
this cave gives us a glimpse of what
could possibly exist on other planets
with completely different atmospheres
how it managed to exist on earth all
this time without anyone knowing is
rather unbelievable isn't it number two
circles of namibia namibian deserts are
full of elephants snakes antelope and
hundreds of evenly placed circles wait
what
this brutally hot desert is home to a
vast array of wildlife but even more
interesting are the fields of grass with
evenly spaced holes and now these
circles are almost perfect and range
anywhere from 10 to 65 feet in diameter
many scientists have offered up theories
as to why these circles appear instead
of other more random shapes in 2013
environmental scientist norbert
irrigants hypothesized that termites
were the cause of these circles but like
all the hypotheses that came before his
it was later disproved while this looks
straight out of a scene from M night
Shyamalan hid horror flicks signs it's
definitely real but no one can figure
out why
number one Western Venezuela's
never-ending Lightstorm lightning storms
are pretty cool aren't they they light
up the sky and you can't help but feel a
special exciting energy in the air but
these lightning storms usually end and
you go about living your life but in
western Venezuela over the mouth of the
Catatumbo River there's a lightning
storm that seems to be running on
energizer batteries it just keeps going
and going once the clock strikes 7 p.m.
the lightning storm begins and doesn't
relent for another 10 long hours this
happens most nights during the year to
add the the strangeness of these ongoing
storms one night in 2010 saw the storm
suddenly stop in the middle of the night
and not return for six weeks there have
been multiple theories attempting to
explain this odd phenomenon most
recently scientists are guessing that
the surrounding mountains that contain
warmer winds from the Caribbean Sea are
to blame the wind patterns comprised of
warm and cool air dropping down from the
Andes Mountains are forced upward and
manifest into storm clouds is quite
literally the perfect storm so wasn't
that cool do you have any theories about
the mysterious places mentioned in this
video share your hypothesis in the
comment section and start a conversation
don't forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
Subscribe stay on the bright side
[Music]